Ah night wind
What are you doing?
Ji Tie, is this your husband?
He is only in name
I never let him touch me
Why are you here?
Why am I here?
This is my home.
Where can I be?
He who he who
Let go, he's my boyfriend
Night Wind, the young owner of Famous City Real Estate, right?
He drinks a lot, he's your boyfriend
And who am I?
We are husband and wife
If you don't pee, look at yourself
If my father hadn't forced me to marry you before he died
How could I possibly marry a brick mover?
Meritorious service, what did you say? Did I say it wrong?
With my appearance and figure, Ji Ting
I married into a wealthy family long ago
You are just a stumbling block to my happiness
It's not that your father owed a huge amount of foreign debt when he was treated.
If I hadn't played three times a day, it wouldn't be enough for you to go to school
You would have been sold to northern Myanmar for waist cutting long ago
Have a good day today
You volunteered.
I tell you Ye Feng
There are so many people who like me
Without you, someone else will pay me
It's your pleasure to have you by my side.
Why didn't I know before?
You have so many suitors
Why don't you appreciate the honor you bestow?
Ye Fang Tingting is right
You have to be self-aware.
A beautiful woman like Tingting
You should live in high society and be envied by others
Rather than with you
Relying on coolies to move bricks
suffer
And you figure it out
You don't deserve him
Although you gave Tingting some small favors before
But you also delayed Tingting's three years of youth
I guess this favor has long been paid off
Now you owe him
Men, be generous
Learn to let go when it's time to let go
Don't stalk
Otherwise, lose face